[Docs] Update docs to reflect CPU requests/limits change in KubeRay v1.3 (#51072)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/kubernetes/user-guides/config.md

before being relayed to Ray.
The resource capacities advertised to Ray may be overridden in the {ref}`rayStartParams`.

> Starting in KubeRay v1.3, CPU **requests** are used by Ray if **limits** aren't specified.
> Prior to KubeRay v1.3, CPU, GPU, and memory **requests** are ignored by Ray
> so it's recommended to **set resource requests equal to resource limits** when possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in KubeRay v1.3, Ray uses CPU **requests** if **limits** aren't specified.
Prior to KubeRay v1.3, Ray ignored CPU, GPU, and memory **requests**,
so it's recommended to **set resource requests equal to resource limits** when possible.
```

Reviewer 2: cc @andrewsykim These appear to be Vale checks. Vale can be installed by following the instructions at https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-contribute/docs.html#how-to-use-vale.

Author: thanks fixed
